# Brazil_TB_Analysis
Tuberculosis (TB) is an infectious disease that usually affects the lungs, but can also affect other parts of the body. Presently, about one-quarter of the world’s population is infected with Mycobacterium tuberculosis, but a relatively small proportion (5 to15%) will develop TB disease during their lifetime. TB remains a public health problem worldwide, particularly in low- and middle-income countries, despite all efforts to control the disease and recent achievements in reducing incidence and mortality rates. Like other countries, Brazil has shown a decline in incidence and mortality rates over recent decades, mainly associated with the improvement of population living conditions and the performance of TB control programmed. However, the disease burden continues to be significant in the country. Brazil is one of the 30 high TB burden countries regarding of estimated absolute number of incident TB cases and incident TB cases among people living with HIV. Despite the social and health impact of TB in Brazil, few systematic and large-scale studies have been done to assess the fatal and non-fatal burden of TB in the country. The comprehensive assessment and understanding of the trends and levels in TB burden is crucial to track the success of control programmes and to identify remaining intervention challenges seeking to achieve the specific targets of the sustainable development goals. In This study we collect different demographic details, with other factors like illiteracy rate, sanitization level, poverty rate, unemployment rate etc. We collect these data and will do some analysis that what are the factors which affecting the disease, and at what rate they are affecting it.
